add default implementation part (#870)
cairo-book/cairo-book: src/ch08-02-traits-in-cairo.md

Other crates that depend on the _aggregator_ crate can also bring the `Summary` trait into scope to implement `Summary` on their own types.

## Default Implementations

Sometimes it’s useful to have default behavior for some or all of the methods in a trait instead of requiring implementations for all methods on every type. Then, as we implement the trait on a particular type, we can keep or override each method’s default behavior.

> Below we specify a default string for the `summarize` method of the `Summary` trait instead of only defining the method signature, as we did previously.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Listing {{#ref default_impl}} we specify a default string for the `summarize` method of the `Summary` trait instead of only defining the method signature, as we did in Listing {{#ref trait_signature}}.
```

Can you also add referenced captions for other listings that are being referenced in other paragraphs ?

<span class="caption">Filename: src/lib.cairo</span>

```rust
{{#rustdoc_include ../listings/ch08-generic-types-and-traits/no_listing_19_def_impl/src/lib.cairo:trait}}
```

> 
> <span class="caption">Defining a `Summary` trait with a default implementation of the `summarize` method</span>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{{#label default_impl}}
<span class="caption"> Listing {{#ref default_impl}}: Defining a `Summary` trait with a default implementation of the `summarize` method</span>
```

To use a default implementation to summarize instances of `NewsArticle`, we specify an empty `impl` block with `impl NewsArticleSummary of Summary<NewsArticle> {}`.

Even though we’re no longer defining the `summarize` method on `NewsArticle` directly, we’ve provided a default implementation and specified that `NewsArticle` implements the `Summary` trait. As a result, we can still call the `summarize` method on an instance of `NewsArticle`, like this:

```rust
{{#rustdoc_include ../listings/ch08-generic-types-and-traits/no_listing_19_def_impl/src/lib.cairo:main}}
```

This code prints `New article available! (Read more...)`.

Creating a default implementation doesn’t require us to change anything about the previous implementation of `Summary` on `Tweet`. The reason is that the syntax for overriding a default implementation is the same as the syntax for implementing a trait method that doesn’t have a default implementation.

<!-- NOT AVAILABLE IN CAIRO FOR NOW -->

> <!-- Default implementations can call other methods in the same trait, even if those other methods don’t have a default implementation. In this way, a trait can provide a lot of useful functionality and only require implementors to specify a small part of it. For example, we could define the `Summary` trait to have a `summarize_author` method whose implementation is required, and then define a `summarize` method that has a default implementation that calls the `summarize_author` method:

Reviewer: Possible using `Self::foo(self)` e.g.

```rust
pub trait Summary<T> {
    fn summarize_author(self: @T) -> ByteArray;

    fn summarize(
        self: @T
    ) -> ByteArray {
        format!("(Read more from {}...)", Self::summarize_author(self))
    }
}
```
